Fortnite API (#234)
TheLearneer/api-party: src/content/apis/games/valorant-api.md

---
name: Valorant

> description: This provide an extensive API containing data of most in-game items, assets and more!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Provides an extensive API containing data of most in-game items, assets and more!
```
